Update AutoOps + ECK docs for removal of enterprise license requirement. (#5308)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/monitor/autoops/cc-connect-self-managed-to-autoops.md

* Your cluster is on a [supported {{es}} version](https://www.elastic.co/support/eol) (7.17.x and above).
* The agent you install for the connection is allowed to send metrics to {{ecloud}}.
* {applies_to}`eck: ga 3.3` To install {{agent}} using ECK, your ECK operator is on version 3.3.0 and above.
* {applies_to}`eck: ga 3.3.1` The AutoOps Agent version meets the minimum for your license type:
  * **Basic license**: 9.2.4 or later.
  * **Enterprise license**: 9.2.1 or later.

:::{important}
:applies_to: { eck: ga 3.3.1 }

> If you are running an Enterprise license with an AutoOps Agent version between 9.2.1 and 9.2.3, and your license is later downgraded to Basic, the `AutoOpsAgentPolicy` will enter an `Invalid` phase. To resolve this, upgrade the AutoOps Agent to version 9.2.4 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your ECK-managed cluster's license is downgraded, you must upgrade {{agent}} accordingly to avoid your `AutoOpsAgentPolicy` resource becoming invalid.
```
